Ongoing Project: Research Manuscript
A qualitative research study titled: Educational Infrastructure Pertaining to Autism in India: Insights from Indian Autistic Students
This research is linked to the neurodivergent paradigm of viewing disabilities as well as perceiving educational infrastructures on discursive, affective and material lenses. 
Abstract from the study:
Misconceptions and apprehensions about autism spectrum disorder (ASD) are far-fetched pertaining not only to viewing it as an intellectual disability but also to the extent of having stereotypical notions about autistic individuals (Thurm et al., 2019, John et al , 2017). The extension of such misconceptions extends to educational settings and impacts care giving as well as inclusive practices in these domains (Roberts & Simpson, 2016). This study aims to gauge the experiences of 6 autistic adults in Indian educational settings through conducting semi-structured interviews and investigates the state of educational infrastructure available to autistic students in India. This study also aimed at understanding austistic experiences from a neurodivergent perspective. The data analyses involved conducting thematic analysis to review emergent themes of experiences of autistic individuals in Indian schools. The results reflected that autistic students had to take charge of their own well being and navigate through the difficulties faced in school by themselves. The school environment especially peer and teacher interactions along with support received also became an important predictor of their mental health as well as how they formulate their identity and self-image. Implications for further research especially in the Indian context are extrapolated in these findings.
